Tourist destination Romagna
at APT Servizi srl
Taxpayer’s Code
Tel.
Certified email:
Change language:
Follow us
Discover the other experiences in Romagna
Coordination of
I UNDERSTAND
PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE
Cycling routes in Romagna
Favourites
Offers
Useful infos
Food & Wine
Villages and castles
Iconic
Local secrets
ROAD
MTB
GRAVEL
Easy
Medium
Hard
Romagna for those who love cycling
Previous
Next
Food & Wine experiences
Variety, quality and tradition: the gastronomic cradle of Italy
Enter
Villages, fortresses and castles
Villages, fortresses
and castles
Gems hidden among the valleys: the Romagna of villages, fortresses and castles
Iconic Experiences
Routes, climbs, panoramic viewpoints: Romagna not to be missed
Places, suggestions and goodies: Romagna beyond the conventional routes
Bike & Family
Cycling with the family: delightful cycle rides that are suitable for children too
Ferrara events
Gran Fondo del Po and much more. Discover the best events organized in Ferrara (and surroundings) dedicated to cycling enthusiasts.
Ravenna events
Gran Fondo Cassani, Gran Fondo Via del Sale and much more. Discover the best events organized in Ravenna (and surroundings) dedicated to cycling enthusiasts.
Forlì-Cesena events
Gran Fondo 9 Colli, Gran Fondo Marco Pantani and much more. Discover the best events organized in Forlì-Cesena (and surroundings) dedicated to bike fans.
Rimini events
Gran Fondo degli Squali, Ride Riccione and much more. Discover the best events organized in Rimini (and surroundings) dedicated to bike fans.
Events
Cycle tourism, mountain biking, Gran Fondo and, above all, the Giro d'Italia 2020. Discover the many events organized in Romagna; unmissable events for cycling lovers.
Find out more
Show all events
Start dreaming about your holiday in Ferrara! Choose from among certified bike hotels and discover the current offers to plan an unforgettable experience.
Start dreaming about Romagna! Check out the best routes and current offers to plan your unforgettable holiday.
Start dreaming about Romagna! Choose your hotel and take a look at current offers to plan your unforgettable holiday.
The best bike hotels in Ferrara: facilities for cycling fans
Choose from among the best hotels in Romagna, where hospitality is a byword
See hotels
Current packages
Selected offers to discover Ferrara by bike
Take advantage of our best offers to discover Romagna
See offers
Bicycle routes
Racing bikes, MTB, E-MTB and gravel. Find the right route for you.
See routes
Choose your routes in Ferrara
View routes directly on the map or filter the selection by experience and bike type. You can then save the routes among your favourites.
The best routes to discover Romagna's <span>food and wine treasures</span>
The best routes to discover <span>fortresses, villages and castles</span>
The best routes to discover <span>iconic places</span> in Romagna
The best routes to discover <span>local secrets</span>
The best routes to discover cycling with the <span>family</span>
View routes directly on the map or filter the selection by area and type of bike. You can then save the routes as favourites.
Filter by
Experience
All
Area
Type of bike
Road bike
Mountain bike
Gravel bike
E-bike
Routes
E-BIKE
enter
favourites
See all the routes
A UNESCO World Heritage Site and \"City of Bicycles\", Ferrara will win you over with its historic centre, its Estense \"Delights\" and its peaceful countryside.
A city of art par excellence located between the sea and the hills, Ravenna will entice you with its millenary history and the famous Byzantine mosaics of its basilicas.
Bertinoro, the Sangiovese vineyards and the renowned thermal spas are just some of the treasures preserved in the area of Forlì-Cesena, all to be discovered while cycling.
Not only beaches: let yourself be guided to discover the city of the Malatesta and Fellini, the villages of San Leo and Verucchio and the valley of the river Marecchia.
See for yourself
Gallery
Stay in touch with Romagna!
Romagna is synonymous with hospitality. As people of Romagna, we want to keep you constantly informed about events, itineraries and special offers dedicated specifically to cyclists.
Ideas for routes
Current offers
No spam
Your name
Your email address
Read here the confidentiality agreement in reference to art. 13 of EU regulation 2016/679
Subscribe
Favourite routes
added routes
click on the box to add them to your favourites
routes
Favourite events
added events
events
Add routes
Add events
All the lists
No event yet added to favourites
easy
medium
hard
Difficulties
No route yet added to favourites
Posted in
Pingback:
Edit
Tagged
kilometres of itinerary
events
Where
Click on the areas below to start your journey of discovery of Romagna and its countryside.
Find the inspiration
Experience Romagna in all its facets, let yourself be inspired by a region rich in excellence through four different experiences.
Bike Hotels certified by %s
Bike rental, bike room, guided tours, food designed for athletes and much more. The Bike Hotels of the Terrabici circuit offer services specifically designed for the needs of those who choose a holiday where the bicycle plays lead role.
Bike Hotels certified by Terrabici
Discover the certified Bike Hotels
Hotels, pensions and campsites. Discover all the facilities in the Romagna region and plan your holiday in Romagna in complete autonomy. You can count on the hospitality of hundreds of facilities suitable for every need.
Hotels in Romagna
Discover the facilities in Romagna
Offers certified by %s
Discover all the currently available package offered by Bike Hotels certified by Terrabici and find the right solution for a holiday where the bicycle plays lead role. Offers for cycling events, training camps and much more.
Offers certified by Terrabici
Discover all the offers
Discover the numerous offers of hotels in Romagna and organize your next cycling holiday. Wellness packages, holiday offers and much more.
Special hotel offers in Romagna
Be inspired
Food and wine stops, small villages, unmissable sites, secret locations and itineraries for all the family. Choose the experience that best suits you and discover all the excellences of Romagna.
Or find the route that's right for you
We have selected the best routes by area. See the map below to find the route that's right for you.
Period
Download a preview of the routes
Discover the other destinations
Discover the other experiences
View the best routes in Romagna, divided by type of experience.
Experiences
Iconic routes
Home
add to favourites
added to favourites
Itinerary
Download trace GPX
Download trace KMZ
Curiosities
If you liked this route, we also suggest
Feel lucky?
Discover a random route
Search Results for: %s
Sorry, but nothing matched your search terms. Please try again with some different keywords
We inform you that to improve your browsing experience on this website, Romagna Bike, as the Data Controller, uses different types of cookies, including technical, analytical and advertising cookies. The page with the full privacy notice contains information on how to deny your consent to the use of profiling cookies. By clicking on “I UNDERSTAND” or by continuing browsing the website, you declare to have understood the terms of the privacy policy pursuant to articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679.